The starting screen should have a button that users can click to start the quiz.
  -click button labelled "Start" to begin quiz questions
Users should be prompted through a series of at least 5 multiple choice
questions that they can answer.
  -questions styling
  -answers a-d for said question

Users should be asked questions 1 after the other.
  -button to click labelled "Next" to progress through questions until
   last/the end

Users should only be prompted with 1 question at a time.
  -have one question per page

Users should not be able to skip questions.
  -no other buttons besides Next and The End buttons

Users should also be able to see which question they're on (for instance, "7
out of 10") and their current score ("5 correct, 2 incorrect").

Upon submitting an answer, users should:
receive textual feedback about their answer. If they were incorrect, they
should be told the correct answer.

be moved onto the next question (or interact with an element to move on).

Users should be shown their overall score at the end of the quiz. In other
words, how many questions they got right out of the total questions asked.

Users should be able to start a new quiz.

wireframe notes:
intro screen has caduceus chakras img and space background, quiz title,
"begin" button

question screen has chakra mandala top middle or as 50%ish opacity background
for question

correct answer screen has body location image centered (with chakra symbol
super imposed?)

wrong answer screen has body location image centered (with chakra symbol
super imposed?)

on the question screen, when the user is holding the mouse down, the chakra
mandala produces endlessly. so if the user drags their mouse our finger cross
the screen, it leaves a trail of mandalas

coding ideas:
math.random the first array probably to randomize the question sequence
each answer set is transitioned from one array before it's called to a
different array after it's been displayed
potentially: the next screen is a larger display of the chakra mandala with
each of the possible answer sets in list form in each corner of the img with
the correct answer set larger than the others with a phrase for true or false
displayed
